* PT1 Takeaways
** What Did I Accomplish?
   - I solved most of the problems between 1700-1825 in the USACO Gold Division.
   - I solved ~25% without looking at the solution at all
   - I only had to consult the implementation code a couple times throughout. Most of the times, I was able to implement without looking at the solution code at all. My implementation skills are improving a lot because of this.
   - I skipped some problems that I couldn't solve even after reading the editorial-they looked too complicated for my skill level but I did take note to some of the ideas used.
** Am I satisfied with the results during this time period?
   - I am satisfied with how I did *NOT* look at the solution code 99% of the time
   - I am not satisfied with the amount of work I did during this time period. I often took days off and did "productivity improvement" or "environment setup / configuration" which mostly did not help me become that much better at competitive programming or more productive
   - I need to be more focused for longer periods of time. Not satisfied with my focus levels.
** What specific actions can I take to work on this in the next part of my competitive programming journey?
   ~ Journal the problems that i'm solving and do day reflections and create discrete objectives for the next day
   ~ Add a "points" system that determines my productivity and focus for the day. Keeping track solely by hours has not been helping
   ~ I have removed all distractions besides messages before 7:30 / in non meal times. Instead, my breaks will involve focused activities such as working out or reading books
   ~ I'll be reading for 30 minutes before I go to bed, on educational topics (or from a novel if i'm not in the mood for it)

Score of this part: 3/10



